Mom, don't worry, he's just here to deliver the courier.
I happened to fall downstairs
And he helped me up and he rubbed my feet.
Really?
Ah really me
Thank you for today.
Go away, don't you have to go soon?
So I told you.
How can my girl like a courier?
The courier goes.
There is no high or low position
Look at this sour and coarse poor sour look
Don't pee and look like a toad
Gao Family of a Small Door
What is so noble?
Did you see it?
A courier can pretend to be forced.
Our Gao family is also a Fortune 500 household in the world
The annual turnover is tens of billions
Hey, tell me how much do you earn a month?
Immeasurable
Ouch immeasurable
Make 3,000 bucks a month
The pariah at the bottom
Do you just spend all day in this upscale neighborhood?
Go for a walk
Which day did you pick up this and put it on a rich daughter?
What a burden.
Then stop talking.
Am I wrong?
What a coincidence!
You fell and happened to meet him
Tell you brat
My girl is going to be engaged to the young man next door
You gave me this heart
Miss Gao, I'm afraid Lin Shao will not get married
Pardon me?